**Covid-19 Update:**
*Happy New Year from all of us at UoBBC! We hope you all got the chance to relax over Christmas.
Unfortunately, due to the recently imposed national lockdown, the club will not be able to return to play after exams when we had hoped. We won't be able to get back on court until the end of lockdown at the earliest, and are also unable to run any face-to-face fitness or strength and conditioning sessions for the near future. We will announce on social media if there are any changes to the situation.
It's been announced that BUCS has been cancelled this year (both league and knockout fixtures) as it has been decided it is not possible for the competition to go ahead in a safe environment. We understand how disappointing this is for our teams and for everyone involved, but we'll have to channel our hard work going forwards into 2022. 
For the effects of any guidance changes on Badminton, keep an eye on [Badminton England's news page](https://www.badmintonengland.co.uk/news) as well as on UoBBC social media.
Thanks for all your patience and, as ever, if you have any questions or just fancy a chat feel free to message any of the committee!*

University of Bristol Badminton Club is a large, thriving and vibrant club within Bristol Sport. Our club mission is to provide all of our members the opportunity to play competitive and recreational badminton in an open and friendly environment. We encourage students of any ability to get in contact and come play! We offer a range of sessions with the aim of providing a fun way to develop or compete in badminton. 

Currently the club has over 270 members, 2 professional coaches and a range of student volunteer coaches. This makes us the largest indoor sports club at the university, and our 3-tiered system plus disability badminton enables us to support players at the beginning of their badminton career all the way through to those competing internationally. The club has strong links with the county team and local badminton community, with 3 members playing for various Avon squads. We have 5 teams competing in BUCS: 3 Mens and 2 Womens teams. Both M1 and W1 compete in the Premier divisions of their respective leagues, whilst W2 compete in Western 1A and M2 and M3 compete in Western 2B and 3A respectively.

It doesn’t stop there! Off-court the opportunities and community atmosphere continues. We host a yearly Winter and Summer Club Formal where all the stops are pulled out to look nice and fancy, but also with more casual socials ranging from big nights out, a family scheme league, laser tag, awards nights and spectating professional badminton. We even cover ourselves with glow-in-the-dark paint for a solid 10-hour overnight UV badminton session as a chance to raise money for Ignit10n!  

For previous members looking to stay in contact with other old members, and/or keep up to date with what the club is doing, please join our [Alumni LinkedIn Group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/8772039) and our [Alumni Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/234221176994100/).
